<font face="Trebuchet MS" color="teal"><br /> <a href="http://blogs.gotdotnet.com/BradA/permalink.aspx/a1ac850b-e21d-4d77-8b93-8832d48af1a1" class="broken_link">Brad<br /> Abrams posted about the use&nbsp;BCL types vs. language specific type names (in<br /> sample code) today</a>, which just happens to be a topic I&#8217;ve had to think about<br /> myself&nbsp;when writing sample code for my own articles, so I thought I would<br /> make a comment.</font> 

<font face="Trebuchet MS" color="teal">I&#8217;m with <a href="http://morty.info/blog/2003/4.aspx#section-5e6d4e4d-9531-4760-a50d-5683f3252206" class="broken_link">Morty</a><br /> on this one&#8230; I have the general rule that sample code should be written<br /> following the style and convention guidelines for the language. I&#8217;m a VB guy, so<br /> this usually takes the form of &#8220;Write VB code the VB way&#8221;, but there are<br /> exceptions&#8230;. For example, I use Integer in my Visual Basic .NET code, not<br /> Int32, but I like to use Int32 in Win32 API declarations; the specific size of<br /> integer is pretty important at that point so I like to make it clear&#8230; Beyond<br /> types it gets a little murky&#8230; I always use the System.IO classes for File<br /> access; VB.NET still has the Open/Put commands but I truly believe that those<br /> &#8220;legacy&#8221;&nbsp;statements are not as good/clear as the new System.IO classes&#8230;<br /> whereas in the case of Int32 vs. Integer&nbsp;(or MsgBox vs. MessageBox.Show())<br /> it is merely a syntax/style difference.</font>

<font face="Trebuchet MS" color="teal">I think using Int32 in a VB.NET/C# code<br /> sample makes it <strong>slightly</strong> less familar to a C++ developer (in<br /> the case of C#) or a VB6 developer (in the case of VB6)&#8230; and that makes the<br /> developer a <strong>little</strong> less comfortable, and therefore a<br /> <strong>little</strong> less likely to understand what they&#8217;ve been shown. The<br /> purpose of a sample is to explain the concept in terms of code. The purpose of<br /> doing in more than one language is to explain the concept in terms that the<br /> developer is <em>already familiar with</em>&#8230; well, following that same<br /> guideline and knowing that a VB.NET developer is more familar with Integer than<br /> Int32, <strong>they will benefit more from seeing the sample written using the<br /> VB data type names.</strong></font>

<font face="Trebuchet MS" color="teal">Of course, all of this can be ignored if<br /> Int32 was the class being demonstrated 🙂</font>