I&#8217;ve recently signed up for NetFlix, but earlier I had tried out <a title="GameFly.com" href="http://www.anrdoezrs.net/click-1559417-10195038" target="_blank">GameFly</a>, a service I like to think of as &#8220;NetFlix for Games&#8221;&#8230; and I remembered that I had planned to describe my experience on my blog at **some** point, but I had never gotten around to it!

Basically Gamefly is the same deal as NetFlix. You fill up a queue with games you want, they send you the first 3, then send you the next whenever you return one of the ones you have. You&#8217;re given pre-addressed, pre-metered envelopes, etc&#8230; so the hassle is pretty low, and they have games for XBox, PS2, and GameCube, so all in all it seemed like a great idea. I really enjoyed the service while I was using it, I felt like a game reviewer &#8230; one of the guys from Penny Arcade or Gamespot, because I got to really try out a ton of games. I ended up playing Prince of Persia, Everything or Nothing (the Bond game), Jedi Knight II, Soul Calibur II, Hitman, Deus Ex and lots of others for the XBox, and it was definitely worth the money.

After a while though I guess I got busy though, and games sat, unplayed, in their envelopes for weeks. I was starting to realize that I was paying every month for games I wasn&#8217;t playing, so I canceled my membership. Despite this, I still think it is a great system, but it is best suited to folks who can play at least an hour or two of XBox a week. Now, I usually fall into that category, but I get into the occasional crunch time that ends up taking me away from my XBox for a month here and there 🙂

<a href="http://www.netflix.com" target="_blank">Netflix</a> would probably be the exact same situation for me (no time to watch enough to make it worth while), the latest movie we received that was for the adults in the house (Minority Report), has sat unopened for a week so far, but the fact that we get kids movies through the system means that we are always getting our money&#8217;s worth out of it&#8230; here is a link to <a href="http://rss.netflix.com/QueueRSS?id=P1919270839112012058970361825810643" target="_blank" class="broken_link">my movie Q as RSS</a>, which is probably extermely uninteresting but I&#8217;m just amazed that they&#8217;d even bother putting that info into RSS, so it is worth a link just for that!