Turns out we (MSDN) are looking for a few good testers to come and work with us in Redmond&#8230; if you are interested in a position, and the following job description (which you may have also seen on <a href="http://blogs.msdn.com/lauraj/archive/2004/03/12/88709.aspx" target="_blank" class="broken_link">Laura</a> or <a href="http://weblogs.asp.net/ksharkey/archive/2004/03/12/88788.aspx" target="_blank" class="broken_link">Kent&#8217;s</a> blog&#8230;) is appealing, let us know via <a href="http://www.microsoft.com/careers/search/details.aspx?JobID=aacc453a-e5a2-48fe-b25b-d82ec1c8bd30" target="_blank" class="broken_link">this link</a>.

> _Are you ready to join an exciting team? MSDN is revolutionizing the way developers get the resources and information they need. MSDN Test is looking for an experienced SDE/T to help mentor and lead a team of testers responsible for delivering quality releases bringing MSDN forward as a .Net showcase. Key areas of responsibility will be functional, performance, and security testing, as well as a hands-on roll in ensuring the quality of our releases. </p> 
> 
> A successful candidate will be passionate about software development, testing, and releasing great products for our customers. The candidate should have excellent writing and communications skills, superior analytical skills, and a strong understanding of the software development process and testing methodology. The successful candidate should be adept with C#, XML, ASP, ASPX, VB.Net, .NET Framework, SQL. Additional experience with Darwin and MadDog would be a bonus. The ideal candidate should have experience with testing both web-based products as well as packaged products, with at least 3 years of testing experience (including at least one full product cycle). A BA/BS degree in Computer Science or a related technical field is preferred.</i> </blockquote> 
> 
> **Update:** Ok folks&#8230;. not to be too blunt here, but&#8230; **Emailing me directly, or posting comments, is not a good way to apply for this position.** In the post above, I mention that [this is the correct link](http://www.microsoft.com/careers/search/details.aspx?JobID=aacc453a-e5a2-48fe-b25b-d82ec1c8bd30){.broken_link}&#8230; so any other method just shows me you didn&#8217;t bother to carefully read the post&#8230; and unless I&#8217;ve worked with you before (and had a good experience), I will not be forwarding your resume on just because you emailed it to me. Sorry for any confusion if that link wasn&#8217;t clear in the first posting&#8230;