I loved <a href="http://www.microsoft.com/reader/default.asp" target="_blank" class="broken_link">Microsoft Reader</a>, I had a ton of .lit files on my Pocket PC and I would save Word docs out as Reader files so I could read them while travelling or even just at home away from my main machine. Other than email, Reader was the &#8216;killer app&#8217; for me on the Pocket PC. But Reader was never given the love it needed, the Reader plug-in wasn&#8217;t available for some versions of Office (at least not right away), you couldn&#8217;t find all that many downloads in .lit format. And their DRM/authorizing system was horrible&#8230; 

Now lately I&#8217;ve been thinking about portable documents again&#8230; I&#8217;d like to pull down a variety of content to a portable device and read it when I&#8217;m offline. Reader is still available, but it certainly seems like a &#8216;dead&#8217; product to me (let me know if you feel different). Now we have <a href="http://www.microsoft.com/whdc/xps/default.mspx" target="_blank" class="broken_link">XPS</a>, which looks great&#8230; but where is the Mobile support? I&#8217;m sure it will show up at some point, but I don&#8217;t even see a note on the XPS web site like &#8220;Windows Mobile X.Y will include XPS support&#8221;. Nothing to make me think it is coming. No beta/alpha XPS viewer for my Q, no beta/alpha viewer for the Mac or any other platform&#8230;. Are they wating on WPF/E? Well it is out in CTP form and I&#8217;m sure the XPS team could have found an earlier build if they wanted to&#8230; so&#8230;what&#8217;s up?

In my perfect view of the world, there would be a viewer out already&#8230; we are all one company after all &#8230; but the minimum I&#8217;d expect to see is some sort of roadmap that tells me that it is coming and coming soon. While I&#8217;m on that topic&#8230; I have the same comment about the Zune folks and podcast support&#8230; I understand that it couldn&#8217;t get into v 1.0 in time to ship&#8230; but, assuming someone is working on it, maybe we could see a screenshot **just to make us feel like it is coming**. By the way, I have no idea if anyone is working on&nbsp;podcast support for the Zune&nbsp;or if they aren&#8217;t &#8230; **that is my whole point**&#8230; why not just tease us a bit with some pictures, at least then we can feel confident waiting&#8230;

Some news agencies are calling XPS a &#8216;PDF killer&#8217;, and it may become that, but at the moment it is less portable than a Microsoft Word document&#8230; and much less portable than a PDF file&#8230;