<font face="Tahoma" color="teal">Woo Hoo, I got a bag when I registered! Lately, I haven&#8217;t been getting them, something about the &#8220;staff&#8221; on my registration at all of these things&#8230; so my laptop bag closet was getting a little empty. I give these great bags away to my friends and family, there are just too many for one person, which is why you might see my mother roaming around with a TechEd bag, or see my wife at the park with my son and a nice VSLive &#8220;tote&#8221;!</font> 

<font face="Tahoma" color="teal">Lots of stuff in the bag, I didn&#8217;t even notice a front pocket full of CDs until later, and I think there are even a few betas and eval copies of software in there. Lots of people at the convention center already, mostly for registration and some pre-conference sessions I suppose&#8230; the main sessions don&#8217;t start until tomorrow.</font>

<font face="Tahoma" color="teal">I was there today because I had to go check out the VS.NET booth, make sure it was ready to go&#8230; it wasn&#8217;t. The big demo we were told to set up required many things we didn&#8217;t have, but we decided that once a customer walks up we won&#8217;t want to run through a 30 minute canned demo anway. We are going to leave the machine with just IIS, SQL and VS.NET 2002/2003 &#8230; we&#8217;ll code anything the customer wants to see demo&#8217;d as fast as we can!</font>

<font face="Tahoma" color="teal">I was a little worried about my caffeine levels dropping during the week, but it turns out that I&#8217;ll be fine. I asked a few people where the closest Starbucks was and received this response: &#8220;Good luck. Dallas isn&#8217;t exactly known for its lattes&#8221; &#8230; turns out there is one at the Magnolia hotel. That is one of the TechEd hotels, although sadly not mine, which means it is a quick bus/shuttle from the convention center. I think I can shuttle to the Starbucks, buy a beverage and grab the bus on the return trip&#8230;. yep; I&#8217;ll be fine this week.</font>