[CodeSmith 2.5](http://www.ericjsmith.net/codesmith/){.broken_link} is available, and although I&#8217;ve mentioned it in a few articles on MSDN already, I have to tell you again&#8230; I use this utility all the time.

It is fairly obvious, if you look at the code from any one of my articles, that I use Code Smith to generate my strongly typed collections in almost every single project. What isn&#8217;t obvious is how often I use it in my own projects that never get published (internal to Microsoft, or for myself)&#8230; it is invaluable and **I&#8217;ve never even created my own templates**. From what I understand, I&#8217;m missing out on so much potential time-saving it is almost silly that I haven&#8217;t looked at creating my own templates yet, but being able to quickly create my **Jobs** collection for my custom **Job** class (very useful if you are planning to then bind the Jobs collection to a DataGrid) has been reason enough to _install Code Smith on every development machine I set up_. Anyway, the crazy thing is that Eric (creator of Code Smith) just came out with Code Smith Professional (or Studio, or something&#8230; 🙂 ), which appears to do even more (for $$, sorry folks)&#8230; and I hadn&#8217;t even run out of things to build with the free version (which hasn&#8217;t gone away&#8230; no worries) &#8230; yikes. Well, I should really spend some time looking at it&#8230; I hate the thought that I could be saving a ton of time and I&#8217;m not!

What about you folks, how much do you use Code Generation tools in general? Do you use CodeSmith? What about Kathleen Dollard&#8217;s book ([Code Generation in .NET](http://www.amazon.com/exec/obidos/ASIN/1590591372/duncanmackenz-20?creative=125581&camp=2321&link_code=as1) by APress)? Read it, loved it, hated it?