Back at the start of April, I signed up for a group fitness class at the pro club, the &#8220;Boot Camp&#8221; &#8230; a twice-weekly (for two months) running-focused outdoor workout that was supposedly modeled after real military training. Well, it wasn&#8217;t anything like what I remembered from going through basic training with the Canadian Military, but I don&#8217;t think anyone in the class would have actually wanted that. Paying to have people yell at you is something that only a small group of people enjoy.

Anyway, even without the yelling, it was quite the workout for me&#8230; considering I haven&#8217;t run any real distance over a block or two since the aforementioned basic training (15+ years ago I think). We started out with short runs of 1 mile to a nearby park where we did a pile of sprints, pushups, situps, pull-ups, dips, etc&#8230; then did some hill repeats and finally ran the mile back to the club. Every session after that first one the runs got longer, involving more hills, more sprinting, etc&#8230; and every single class seemed to completely kill me&#8230; eventually getting up to 4-5 miles (with sprints and/or a workout in the middle of that distance). Sure, I was improving, but the runs were increasing as well so it never really felt like I was doing better. We ended up repeating some of the harder runs though, as the two months were drawing to a close, and they definitely felt a lot easier. Finally, on the last day of the course, we did a two mile timed run and various other fitness tests&#8230; all of which we had done on the second day of the course as well. I&#8217;m still really slow, but the improvement was quite nice to see&#8230; I improved by 20% across the board, in both the resistance training (push-ups, pull-ups, sit-ups) and in the running (running the 2 miles in 24.15 the first time, and 19.45 the second time). Still not a good time for a mile (9:22 ish), but I&#8217;m not planning on running any races soon and running a mile in around 9 minutes is a lot better than around 12.

Was it worth it? You bet&#8230; I would never run that often, that hard, or that far without other people running next to me. For that reason alone, the motivation, I decided to sign-up for the next two months of sessions as well. I almost didn&#8217;t, because all this extra running above my normal workouts has left me quite tired all week, and leaves little time for anything else (like late-night blogging, writing, or coding)&#8230; but the more runs I get in as part of the group, the easier I think it will be to keep it up on my own after this next 2-month session ends.